update tests for webpack 5 (#395)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/transformations/subtests/compress-images/webpack/index.md

result: pass
---

> Images imported using module type `asset` can be processed using [image-webpack-loader] or [imagemin-webpack-plugin], both of which use [Imagemin] for optimization. Both solutions can also be applied to images brought into the build via import statements or solutions like [copy-webpack-plugin].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images configured to use the [`asset` module type](https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-modules/#general-asset-type) can be processed using [image-webpack-loader] or [imagemin-webpack-plugin], both of which use [Imagemin] for optimization. Both solutions can also be applied to images brought into the build via import statements or solutions like [copy-webpack-plugin].
```
